-[pen scratching]
-[papers shuffling]
[muttering]
Ah, Doctor, sorry to interrupt.
Uh… what are you working on?
Oh, uh, I'm journaling. [exhales]
I've been looking for something
to fulfill me, and I've found this works.
Well, you should write
in your journal that you were wrong.
Remember how it was your idea
to help someone I didn't care about
to prove I could be God?
-No.
-Well, it didn't work.
Because I ended up caring for him,
so back to square one.
You know…
I've found the best way to get answers
can be to look to the past.
We met because of a case,
which I'm realizing
I don't know a lot about.
Those details might be enlightening.
For you.
Of course.
Okay. Well, a…
friend of mine had been murdered,
someone I cared about quite a bit.
Delilah, right? The singer?
-She was a patient of mine.
-That's right.
That's right. It was
the first time that Chloe and I met.
We caught the killer… [scoffs]
…a record producer who
was trying to profit from Delilah's death.
Tell me about him.
Oh, well,
he was a vile, horrid little man.
He was the worst.
He's perfect.
Perfect for what?
Well, I don't want to fall into the trap
of caring about someone again,
so who better to help than someone I hate?
Oh, Doctor, you're a genius.
This totally makes up
for your earlier bad advice.
What-- what was his name?
Why was he horrid? Do you remember
anything else about the case?
[sighs]
-[rock music playing]
-[vocalizing]
[croaking]
-Ah, you're here.
-Where else would I be?
[sighs] Good point.
How far do you think
a frog could fall and live?
Sounds like a fun experiment…
for us, less the frog. [chuckles]
You're welcome
to use my penthouse if you wish.
-I'm not gonna do that, Lucifer.
-Oh.
[exhales] So is this amphibious fellow
your latest suspect?
I think this frog
is something else entirely.
Oh?
I think it could be tied to something big.
Really big.
Something mind, body,
and soul-altering.
[croaking continues]
But I'm not ready to reveal it just yet
because I think it might
make me sound a bit kooks.
-Unless you really wanna know--
-I-- I respect your privacy, Miss Lopez.
Besides, I'm working
on something very important myself.
-And I need your help.
-Oh, sure.
I'm looking for a criminal who, uh,
should still be in the police system.
Oh, I can look him up for you.
What's their name?
Jimmy Barnes.
Last I heard,
he's in some sort of insane asylum.
Kind of my bad,
but trust me, he had it coming.
Oh, well, I found him, but…
Well, see for yourself.
-[elevator bell dings]
-[sighs]
Hey, Lucifer, you know,
I was thinking, uh…
maybe it's best if I put
Amenadiel's necklace back in the…
in the safe.
-Are you going somewhere?
-I am indeed. Now which do you prefer?
The iconic white or pomegranate
for more of an "original sin" vibe?
[hesitates] Uh…
-The white?
-That's what I was thinking.
An occasion like this
requires the classic look.
Wait. W-what occasion?
Well, I went to see the doctor again,
and I realized if I'm going to be God,
then I need to help someone that I hate.
So, I am gonna help
Jimmy Barnes, of all people.
[laughs] Jimmy Barnes?
The same Jimmy Barnes
who killed your friend and--
and who went insane
when he saw your devil face?
Throw in his rather tremendous fivehead
and you've described him to a T.
Well, I hate to tell you this, but he died
a year ago in a mental hospital.
Yeah, I know that too.
So I'm just gonna pop down
to Hell to see him.
It's almost easier this way, really.
Oh, okay.
So when do we leave?
[laughs]
No, no, no, this is a terrible idea.
Worst I've heard since
some genius decided to cancel Bones.
-Why?
-[Lucifer] Oh, where do I start?
That show was the perfect combination
of procedure and banter--
[Chloe] No, I mean, Lucifer,
I'm talking about me going down to Hell.
Oh.
Well, first and foremost,
it's never been done.
Probably because mortals can't go
down there, not when they're alive anyway.
I'm not even sure
if you'd survive the trip.
And, look, even if you did,
the place is full of terrible dangers.
It's-- it's… [sighs]
Well, it's Hell.
So, why don't you go home,
put your feet up?
-I'll pop this back in the safe--
-No!
[gasps]
Lucifer,
this makes me incredibly strong.
So, shouldn't it help me
survive a trip to Hell, you know?
[Lucifer sighs] Well…
[hesitates]
[sighs] Actually, yes, I suppose it would,
but I'm not sure it's worth the risk.
This isn't your problem, Chloe.
Listen to me.
Jimmy Barnes shot me in the chest.
I almost died, Lucifer.
Oh, I remember.
I hate the bastard.
I mean, he truly is perfect for this.
Okay, so listen,
if I'm meant to be God's consultant,
I should know everything, right?
I mean…
we-- we are partners, aren't we?
[exhales] That we are.
All right. [sighs]
Come on.
-Whoa. Right now?
-There's no time like the present.
Okay, let's do it.
[sighs] I will never get tired of that.
-Ready?
-Ready.
[whooshing]
I'm back. I'm back.
Yeah, okay. So I held up
my end of the deal, now you--
Lucifer, look out!
There's a-- there's a crazy angel here.
She's gonna kill you!
[panting] Lucifer, you're in danger!
There's an evil,
mean murder angel right here!
What are you doing?
I'm foiling your plan.
I fooled you, didn't I?
Huh?
You thought I'd help you kill Lucifer,
but I learned my lesson.
I'm not here to help you.
-I'm here to stop you.
-And how are you going to do that?
[shouts]
-[laughs]
-What the hell?
-[shouts]
-[chuckles lightly]
[gasps] How are you doing this?
[chuckles] I'm not.
[gasps]
[grunts]
I don't understand.
You literally just--
just carried me up here in your arms.
Yeah, I sure did. From Hell.
And now we're in the land of the living,
and you, uh, aren't.
Your body is worm food.
You're just a--
-A ghost?
-Yeah.
W-- Why didn't you tell me
this would happen?
Why didn't you tell me
you were going to betray me?
[hesitates]
-That's different!
-Yeah, whatever.
Anyway, clearly Lucifer's not home.
But I can wait.
[chuckling]
I'd say pull up a chair, but, you know.
-[thunder rumbling]
-[panting]
[exhales]
So,
each one of these doors
leads to a different hell loop?
Yes.
Oh, come on.
It's best not to dwell.
Lucifer.
What is that?
That is my throne.
[rumbling]
[Chloe] Wow.
[gasps]
-It looks so lonely.
-[sighs]
It was.
What is it?
I can't seem to find Jimmy's hell loop.
He should be right around here.
Um, do they move?
They're not supposed to.
Something's off.
-[rumbling]
-[chains clinking]
[creaking]
[Chloe gasping]
Don't wanna get trapped
in someone's hell loop, trust me.
Been there, done that, stabbed
my brother to death a million times.
[groans]
Ah! Ah, it's down this way.
[rock music playing]
♪ Baby, close your eyes ♪
♪ Walking through the fire
For the first time ♪
♪ Oh, my dear ♪
♪ Standing in the clear
Caught in the crossfire ♪
♪ It's only rock and roll ♪
I'm looking for Amenadiel.
Just… Amenadiel. Apparently that's it.
That's me.
-[chuckles]
-That's your full name?
God-given.
[chuckles]
I'm Officer Harris.
And you thought my name was weird.
[chuckles]
Because "Officer" is, uh…
I mean, I know that's not your full name.
Why would that be your full name?
Aww.
You're here for Amenadiel's
first day of field training.
-I knew you were a softy.
-Shut your mouth, Ellen.
I'm only here to learn
what I can use to make fun of him.
Who's the brick wall?
Aww, man, Sonya is his training officer?
-Talk about drawing the short straw.
-Why?
[Ella] Because she is a real hard-ass.
Tough as hell.
I mean, most of her trainees wash out.
Really?
Yep. [sighs]
Good luck, Amenadiel.
-[chuckles]
-See you, Maze.
So how are you going to help Jimmy?
I mean, h-how do you help
somebody who's in Hell?
That, I don't know the answer to yet.
Good thing I brought
my partner with me, isn't it?
Ah! This is it.
[exhales] Even his door was vile.
Uh, now, remember,
every hell loop is different,
so we could be in for anything.
[sighs] I'm ready.
[scoffs] Well, I hope so,
'cause knowing Jimmy, it's probably
quite twisted and terrifying.
Good news is
I shall be in complete… control?
[both gasp]
[Chloe gasps]
Oh, wow.
[gasps]
-Chloe, is my chin…
-Butt-like?
I was gonna say,
"This amazing in real life."
"Butt-like"?
So, turning into cartoons,
this, uh, this isn't normal?
[chuckles] Definitely… [blubbers]
-Definitely not.
-[scoffs] You did drive Jimmy insane.
Maybe that's why you had
a hard time finding the door earlier,
and why this hell loop is different.
-[Lucifer] Oh, no. No, this is terrible!
-Because you broke Jimmy Barnes' brain?
I'm a smoothie! Nothing, look!
Oh!
[chuckles] Oh, I'm sure
it won't stay that way. Right?
Right. Right. [chuckling]
Of course.
[gasps] Ooh-ah! This feels so weird.
Wait, is this because
I have Amenadiel's necklace or--
-Or, well, because I'm a cartoon?
-[grunts]
Oh, gosh, you know what? Who cares?
[crashes]
-Oh! C-Chloe!
-Oh, this is amazing!
-Chloe!
-Oh, whoa!
-[accordion notes play]
No. I can't believe I'm saying this.
-But look, I think we need to focus.
-[plays accordion]
Hmm. Yes. Jimmy Barnes.
[blowing, grunting]
Well, if you were wondering
how to help Jimmy,
I think we have our answer.
You broke him, and now, you can fix him.
Good idea.
And you know what?
I think I've been here before.
Aha!
This is the moment
I crashed Jimmy's wedding.
Right after you and I first met, in fact.
If there is anyone here
who would oppose this…
Oh, hello, this is my cue. Now get ready,
Chloe, 'cause I make quite the entrance.
-Speak now or forever hold your peace.
-Excuse me!
Yeah, I have a problem.
-[gasping]
-Jimmy Barnes.
-[gulps, groans]
-Remember me?
She said you tried
to get her back recently…
That is quite the entrance.
Is that supposed to be me?
Allow me to introduce myself.
-[woman giggling]
-Lucifer Morningstar.
Oh, that's absurd.
And his chin definitely looks like a butt.
You know what?
Screw Jimmy Barnes. I'm out!
[scoffs]
[indistinct chattering
over police scanner]
Probably wondering
why I signed up for this.
Not really.
Yeah, well, I have a son now.
And, uh…
I wanna make the world a better
for him. For everyone, actually.
So I want you to know
that I'm in it for the long haul.
Really committed.
To what, exactly?
Well…
putting criminals away.
[man on radio] Police officer
needs assistance, 594,
on the corner of Barrington and 3rd.
594. That's vandalism. [chuckles]
This is car 77,
right around the corner, I got this.
[man] Copy, 77.
[siren wails]
-[Harris] Hey, Officer, what's up?
-Hey, thanks for coming.
We caught a perp
spraying some pretty foul graffiti.
Okay, we'll take him.
It was horrifying. I'll never look
at the elderly the same way again.
All right, well, we'll take it from here.
I close my eyes, and they're still there.
I think they'll always be there.
[shudders]
-[door opens]
-[Mazikeen grunts]
[door closes]
-Lucifer, we can't just leave.
-Oh, yeah?
Watch my cartoon keister do just that
and not the one on my bloody chin.
[grunts]
[devils laughing]
[groans]
[devil laughs]
Ow! [groans]
Look, I know this makes
helping Jimmy all the more difficult,
but maybe it makes the goal--
All the more worthy. You're right.
Of course you're--
What are you looking at?
I'm still new to this,
but do the doors normally disappear?
Um…
I'm sure it's not a problem.
I'll just summon a new one.
[Chloe] Hmm.
[straining]
[gasps] Nothing!
Not only can I not summon the door,
I don't feel
the normal control I have in Hell.
Lucifer, what are you saying?
-I think we may be trapped in here.
-[gasps]
I won't stand for this.
[Chloe gasps]
-[Lucifer] Ow! Ow!
-[gasps]
[groaning]
H-hey-- Lucifer!
Come on!
Yikes!
[grunting, panting]
Bloody cartoon logic!
Wow! Huh!
Oh! Oh!
-[straining]
-Lucifer.
[chuckles, grunts]
[squeaking]
Whoa! [grunts]
Lucifer… [sighs]
[Lucifer continues grunting]
[straining] Get your fingers around it.
-Just pull it down…
-Wow!
-[Lucifer] Ow!
-That's-- Yeah. There's nothing.
[chuckling] Nothing down there.
[Lucifer straining] Come on!
Oh, come on.
Right! [grunts]
We really are trapped in here.
Uh, maybe not.
We came here to help Jimmy Barnes, right?
Well, if we stabilize him mentally,
maybe you can regain control
of his hell loop.
-[Devil] Hey.
-Hey.
Hey. It looks like
the next loop is starting up.
-Are you ready?
-I am.
Uh, did you like his chest hair?
'Cause I could grow out a tuft like that.
No, I'm good, thank you.
[chuckles] Right. Of course.
[Chloe] Right.
[rock music playing]
♪ Whoa-oh! ♪
[Mazikeen] So, um…
you in the front.
Baldy.
You look strong and very ready for battle.
You look like you could kick ass, man,
and win any fight.
Criminals probably cry when they see you.
-Listen, I know her--
-[Mazikeen] No, you don't.
-Maze.
-Random dude I've never met.
I'm sorry, I don't know
what she's doing or why she's doing it.
God damn it, Amenadiel, we had this.
We didn't have anything, Maze.
I guess this is some crazy plan of hers
to somehow make me look good.
Well, she made you look good
by committing vandalism, which is illegal.
Right, but it is just graffiti,
though, right?
-[chuckles]
-Right. Textbook gateway misdemeanor.
-Next up, armed robbery.
-[Mazikeen] Ooh, that sounds nice.
-[Harris] Then murder.
-Been there, done that.
-She's kidding.
-I don't kid.
[Harris] You wanted to catch criminals.
So we caught one,
and we're taking her to prison.
Yeah, but that seems a bit excessive.
She's harmless.
Mostly.
Once a criminal, always a criminal.
I mean, if you don't know that, then
maybe you're not cut out for this job.
Well, then I guess I'm not,
because I will never think that way.
I hope so.
-Here's your stop.
-[Mazikeen] What?
Really?
This isn't prison.
A women's shelter, seriously?
Seems like you're going through
some stuff. There's good people here.
They might be able
to give you the help you need.
I thought you were supposed to be tough.
What the hell is this?
This is police work.
-[Devil] Excuse me!
-[gasping]
Yeah, I have a problem.
-[woman gasps]
-[Devil] Jimmy…
All right, let's get this absurd character
assassination over with, shall we?
You're short, sweaty and altogether fugly.
Did you actually say that?
Well, maybe some
of the details are accurate.
You're only holding her back. [slurps]
-[grunts]
-I never said that!
See? I'm being slandered.
-This homunculus is a human stain.
-[Jimmy yelling]
Okay, that is a little abridged,
but me again.
Shall we interrupt this tirade?
Hmm, I mean, what is this?
A wedding or a--
Uh, excuse me.
I'm in the middle of, uh,
doing one of my performances.
-[audience clamoring]
-[grunts]
-[growls]
-[huffs] All right, let's do this.
[cackling]
[grunts]
[screaming]
Ha ha ha!
[laughs] Maybe this isn't so bad.
[grunts]
[shouts] Ha ha ha!
[growls, shouts]
[grunts, laughs]
[yells]
[screams]
-That's it! Yeah!
-[Devil grunting]
Ooh, in the nuts! In the nuts.
-[blow lands]
-[screams]
Bingo!
[Devil] Really hurt!
Not the horns! Not the horns!
-Not the horns!
-Very good, Chloe.
[spitting]
Ah! Apple juice!
Well, this place can go **** itself.
**** apple-- instead of whiskey--
Even if it's a cartoon--
should have **** whiskey.
Look, if you don't mind wrapping it up…
[devils mocking]
[blowing raspberries]
[snarls]
All right.
Oh!
[chuckles] Very good, Chloe.
[whistling]
-[explosion]
-[sobbing]
Jimmy!
[whimpers]
-Let's chat.
-It's you.
You ruined my wedding.
Come on, Jimmy.
This? This is your torture?
Was me interrupting your sham wedding
really the worst thing
that ever happened to you?
Listen, are you sure
we wanna go somewhere worse?
Since this hell loop is broken,
I fear the only way out is in.
We need to go deeper,
get to the real source of it all.
-Come on, Jimmy. Show me your real hell.
-[gasps]
["Hungry Like the Wolf"
by Duran Duran playing]
[whimpers]
-[music continuing]
-[chattering]
Wassup, dudes?
-[man] How you doin', brother?
-[man 2] Not bad!
-[women giggling]
-[woman] One, two…
-This is definitely worse.
-[chattering continues]
-[man 3] Forget about that.
-[Lucifer] Hmm.
[woman 2] Forget it!
Dude, you almost got it. I saw it move.
Really?
[chuckles]
Okay, fine.
So I can't call for help.
But you know what? I don't need to.
Are you gonna run through me again?
'Cause honestly, it kind of tickles.
No, I don't need to,
because once Lucifer gets here,
it's gonna be a bloodbath. For you.
Oh, yeah?
[Dan] I mean, come on.
The dude's the king of Hell.
He's super strong and invulnerable.
He's basically the most dangerous being
in the entire universe.
How do you plan to fight that?
Oh, wow, you have wings.
Lucifer's got 'em too.
What are you gonna do, fan him to death?
[metal clinks]
[Dan laughs]
Okay, that's-- that's different.
Anything else?
-[sighs] Listen.
-[wings flap]
I understand that you wanna kill Lucifer.
Hell, I tried to kill him.
But I came to realize
that he's actually a really good guy.
Now whatever's going on with you,
whatever pain that you're dealing with,
let's just-- Let's talk about it.
I know what it feels like to be
in pain and wanna hurt someone.
But the person who gets hurt the most…
it's always yourself.
Dan.
Yeah.
How did you
almost kill Lucifer? [chuckles]
I'm serious!
Me too. I think I overestimated him.
Look, you're clearly
going through something,
and all I'm saying is that I'm here.
To listen.
In that case…
-[beeps]
-[rock music playing]
I meant… to you.
To your feelings.
["Bust a Move" by Young MC playing]
♪ This here's a jam for all the fellas
Trying to do what those ladies tell us… ♪
[Chloe sighs] At least we're normal again.
[Lucifer] Indeed.
This hell loop is very '80s,
even for the time.
Ah, yabba dabba do me, the devil is back.
Oh, is your control back too?
[Lucifer] Uh…
[exhales]
No. Still nothing.
[exhales] Look at the storefronts.
They have no doors.
Jimmy's soul must still be on the fritz.
Right. We need to find
that little monster and sort this out.
This is more than 30 years ago.
How are we ever gonna recognize him?
I wouldn't worry about that, 'cause
I would know that fivehead anywhere.
[women laughing]
-Huh.
-Come on.
♪ You're on a mission and your wishin'
Someone could cure your lonely condition ♪
♪ Lookin' for love in all the wrong places
No fine girls… ♪
[sound distorts]
This isn't the store
that we followed Jimmy into.
Hell loops are a mélange of
nightmares and greatest hits. [chuckles]
A touch of the surreal
can do wonders for the torture. Hmm.
-[Chloe] Hmm.
-Oh, speaking of torture…
[sighs] Guyliner.
Really, what were they thinking?
[laughs]
-What?
-Nothing.
[Jimmy] All right, a toast!
To Wednesday's Child's first single…
going platinum!
[Chloe] Yeah, Wednesday's Child.
They had that one-hit-wonder,
you remember?
Like… [scatting rock tune]
[Lucifer] Ah!
Oh, what are you looking for? A clue?
Forgot. The '80s weren't all bad.
[chuckles]
[Jimmy laughing] Guys. Come on.
I know, uh, moody is a part of your brand,
but this is something to celebrate!
This is only the beginning.
To our first success!
And so many more to come!
Yeah.
About that.
You're fired, dude.
[laughs]
What?
-What are you talking about?
-I'm sorry, Jimmy.
Your sound is so mainstream.
We…
we wanna make real music.
Truth is…
-[distorts] …you're only holding me back.
-You're holding me back.
[Chloe] Is that normal?
Absolutely not.
[gasps] "You're only holding me back."
That's one of the things the devil monster
said to Jimmy in the cartoon. Remember?
Indeed.
[Jimmy] Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, well, you didn't hear it from me,
but Wednesday's Child are total frauds.
That's why I backed out on them.
All their riffs are stolen.
[scoffs] Hell hath no fury
like a record producer scorned.
So if you wanna be gagging
on legal fees for the next 20 years…
[hesitates] Exactly. You're welcome.
[phone clatters]
What is your damage?
None of that stuff you said is true.
We were both in the studio
when they recorded "Horny Bunny."
They're even helping me with my EP.
Well, if you love them so much,
why don't you go and join them?
This isn't about sides, Jimmy.
You need to call them back.
You're better than this.
You're right. I am.
I'm better than you.
I deserve better than you,
better than all of this.
Now get the hell out.
[woman huffs]
So who is the woman with the guitar?
Jimmy's first love?
Maybe his first client?
I don't know.
But whoever she is, she-- she hurt him.
Rejected him.
-I think I see what's going on here.
-[gasps]
Who are you? How'd you get in here?
You're afraid of being abandoned,
so you pushed her away
before she could do it to you.
[scoffs] You don't get it.
All anybody ever wants from me
is what I can give them.
Record deals, money, fame.
-Or is that all you ever offer them?
-[exhales]
You're trying so hard to be
what you think they desire,
but that's not what's important, Jimmy.
Tell me…
what is it you truly desire?
-I…
-Yeah.
I don't want her to go.
[exhales]
Well, then, for once, go after her.
[Chloe sighs]
Lucifer.
Look.
[sighs] You did it.
You helped him.
Did I?
Well, the door's back.
That must mean Jimmy's fixed.
But we still don't know
who that mystery woman is.
We still don't know
what's at the heart of his torment.
You really wanna see this through, huh?
I think I have to.
Okay.
[upbeat music playing]
Is that Jimmy?
That cartoon.
[Lucifer] Well,
the style is quite familiar.
This must be the heart of his torture.
Oh, she's his mother.
[Lucifer sighs]
Just watch your cartoons,
Jimmy, and everything will be fine.
I'll be right back.
[man] He's only holding you back.
[Lucifer huffs]
She never came back, did she?
[exhales]
How long did he sit here?
Hours? Days?
[Lucifer] Poor Jimmy.
He must have felt so alone.
-[pounding on door]
-[man 2] Child Protective Services!
[man 3] Come on!
-[Jimmy] No! No!
-[man 3] Come with us!
Please! I can't leave! If I leave,
my mom won't be able to find me!
She's coming back!
-Please! Don't!
-Come on!
-She's coming back! Please!
-Stop!
[Jimmy panting]
Wait. Do you have your control back?
Apparently so.
[Chloe sighs]
Jimmy.
I can't get you out of Hell.
Only you can do that.
I'm not even sure if you deserve
to get out of here after what you've done.
But…
I now see the pain
behind the terrible decisions
that you made in life.
Doesn't excuse them, but…
I understand them now.
Lucifer.
The cartoons.
They're his comfort.
It's why he imagined them as his torture.
They're a lifeline when--
when he's scared.
[sighs]
-[snaps fingers]
-[rewinding sound]
I came here to help you, Jimmy,
and you told me your desire.
-"I don't want her to go."
-[exhales]
For the time being, this will…
this will have to suffice.
[Chloe sighs]
We should go.
-I know that was so hard.
-[scoffs]
And honestly, I cannot wait to get home.
But, Lucifer, before we go…
I have to see Dan.
[scoffs] Of course.
It's this way.
Huh. This is so eerie.
Are you all right?
See, the whole point of this was to see
if I could help someone that I hated.
But the truth is,
despite everything Jimmy Barnes did,
I care about him now.
-Sorry it didn't work out.
-No, no, no. That's just it.
I mean, I-- I thought it was a bad thing
that I grew to like Carol,
but maybe it's like you were saying.
Maybe that was a good thing, as is this.
Because if I can grow
to like Jimmy Barnes, of all people…
Then you can grow to care about anybody.
And if I can care about anyone,
then I can help anyone.
[exhales] So, does this mean--
I think so. [chuckles]
Ironically, we're in Hell,
and finally I'm ready to be God.
[laughs]
Wait.
Where's Daniel?
[Chloe exhales]
Maze, what were you thinking?
-You coulda screwed everything up for me!
-Hey, from what I could tell,
I am the whole reason you passed
that lame reverse-psychology test,
so you're welcome.
All right, listen.
Her methods aren't lame, okay?
She has a high trainee
dropout rate because she's actually
trying to find people
who are in it for the right reasons.
Yeah, whatever, bro.
[sighs]
Why would you think
that I couldn't handle myself?
Is that really how little you think of me?
Don't lay your insecurities on me.
I was trying to help you.
I asked you why, Mazikeen.
Honestly… [scoffs]
-Why do you even care?
-Because.
Because what,
because you thought it would be funny?
-Because you thought I would fail?
-Because I'm your friend, Amenadiel!
And I'm sorry if I didn't go about it
in the most ideal way or whatever.
I was just trying--
Thank you.
Like I said, you're welcome.
Mazikeen, I…
[sighs]
Listen.
This is important to me.
Really important, you know, so…
Please just--
Okay.
I will… not make fun of you.
I promise.
-I don't believe you.
-[chuckles]
You shouldn't.
I checked the Silver City. He's not there.
Look, don't worry. Daniel probably
got lost in one of Dromos' keggers.
I shall pop back down,
and I will find him. I promise, Chloe.
-[sighs]
-[elevator bell dings]
Daniel.
I've been looking everywhere for you.
What on earth are you doing on Earth?
Lucifer, watch out!
[Lucifer grunts]
Finally, after all these years I've spent
hating you for what you did to me,
finally I can have my revenge.
Okay.
I have no idea who you are, so… [chuckles]
[panting]
You're not one of my siblings.
Who are you?
I'm your daughter!
[scoffs]